Agile Testing , in simpler terms , refers to the testing conducted without deviating from the agile principles of developing softwares. In waterfall method, testing begins once the project is completed, however in agile methodology, it begins during the start of the project and continues testing along the integration done at different levels or point of times. Agile Testing begins at the begining of a project and continues along the development and integration for testing. However it should be kept in mind that in agile methodology, the agile testing begins only after the coding phase begins.
There are different types of agile testing. Among many of the best practices there are two testing that is to be discussed about , keeping the nature of project in mind. The two include TDD (Test Driven Development) and BDD (Behavior-Driven Development). We used both the models in our project.
TDD is a development model where the development starts begining from tests. First of all , the members of the  develpment team or the stakeholders decide on what is to be tested . Keeping that in mind an effective userstory  is created . Hence , first we make sure of what tests we want to conduct and along with user story we start writing unit tests. Finally we start coding based on our test scenarios untill all of the test cases is passed.
BDD is completely contrasting of TDD. BDD is a model where all of our work to be perform is based on a specific business product or outcome. Behavior driven model means we are more focused on what the designed system will provide rather than other test scenarios. In BDD also we are supposed to have a user story , however it has to be answered that why certain features have been included and what purpose do they solve in achieving the required business objective. Test is done using userstories which build scenarios and specifications. BDD is often used as acceptance tests because BDD determines if the designed system functions and provides necessary requirements of business .
