what is git
Git is the most popular version contorl system in the world. What a version control system basically
does is that it stores the changes made to our files over time in a specifically designed database for
this purpose called repository. Due to the frequent record of changes or version in the database i:e 
repository it makes it easy for people colaborating in a group to see who has made change and when.
And even if something were to go wrong along the process we can easily revert back our project to when
it was working all good.

advantages of using git
Without git we would have to constanly save the entire project after every little change we make. This 
would result in extremely unnecessary wastage of storage and slow. And working on a collaborative environment
we would have to constantly share the entire code with each other to perform minute changes by email or 
any other file transfer medium. However git allows us to maintain version control of the same project 
helping us save a lot of space also making the process a whole lot faster. Git also is very helpful in colaborative
environment as a repository can be shared among all the co-workers, who can branch out an perform their own task
only to merge them in the end to produce a complete project.


branching
Branching is a special feature in latest versions of git where we create a separate workflow or a work-branch from
the current version of the system that we have in order to fix a bug or add a new feature , without taking the risk
of messing the work built up till there.When we work in big projects which have a lot of data and folders, where so many things can go wrong, it is very
risky to move away from the code that is already working . In this case we can branch out from the current progress
and move on with messing around with new additions that we want to make. Branching can also help alot in colaborative
environment where there are a lot of people working on the same projects either in same parts or different parts of the
project. People can easily branch out to their own branch and later merge them to a single master brach


pushing
Pushing in git is meant by uploading all the commits made in the local repository into the remote repository so that other
people working under the same project can continue further. What pushing basically does it that, it make use of git push
command to transfer the commits. It it the counter part of git fetch where fetching imports commits from remote to local branches.
Pushing is important because , while we are always keeping our version history in our local repository , local forms of storage,
are risky where a system failure could damage the progress but, pushing the commits to remote repository makes it a safe approach.
Also along the while , constantly pushing commits into the remote repository helps us be up to date with the new changes the group
has made and also helps the group in keeping tabs with the commits in order to avoid conflicts while merging them in the end

what we did in out project
Our project workflow also was very systematic in terms of using git. First of all we created a remote repository from a members account
in github.Then we added and gave necessary permissions to all the members of the team . We collectively made a base of the project and pushed it
into the github repository in the master branch. From there all of the members branched out to their respective branches and carried out
their assigned part pushing into their own branch. Finally when all of the work was complete and nothing was pending except merging all the 
branches, we merged all the branches into one master branch and completed our project as such.   

