Motivation , in simple words, is pushing someone of yourself to do something that
is needed to be done or supposed to be done. Motivation can also be defined as the
reason we act in a certain way which finally makes us happy. Motivation is not only
limited to certain factor that initiate such behaviour in us, but also involves the
things that promotes us to maintain the goal than we have in mind. This is why its is
studied that motivating people brings good results.Because motivation and its factors
helps push humans to go beyond their limits which otherwise they would have quit thinking
unreachable. Different people have different motivation, and while some are easy to motivate
while some may be hard. I being a member of my team am very motivated at my work and my part
of work. I am vey confident in my front-end skills and I always feel motivated when I successfully
complete related tasks assigned to me. I motivated my team members to be better at their frontend
skills ,motivated them to use better color combinations, easy simple layout and so on. 
In the same way, my team members also motivated me to work on other areas which are not exactly
my expertise . I was also motivated by my team leader to reach deadlines , co-operate with the team,
and work colectively to achive team goals.


While working with the team , one of the biggest hurdle we encounter is conflict management. In a team
there are different people with different minds which results in different poin of views , hence a team
bound to have conflicts one way or another. Conflict management is a technique or a way adopted by the
team as a whole in order to avoid unnecessary conflicts and make a good outcome even it one were to take
place. I along with my team often found ourselves in the middle of conflicts however we were patient enough
to listen to what the other person had to say. We were allowed to put in our difference in opinions and our
team leader respectfully discussed about it with everyone. Finally when all of us collectively agreed over an
argument we proceeded further with our conflic effectiviely been resolved.


Communication is the process of sharing one's thought about anything by the medium of veral words, written ,or
any signs or signals that is understood by the receiving party. Communication is the undoubtedly the most important 
factor which decides how successful a team can be. In a team
project where everything rests on the Team's understanding of the project flow as a whole , communication among
the team members is a must. Without communication it team will crumble appart. Communication is so important that
there are various communication skill improvement courses put into different fields of study be it engineering,
management or what not. I and my team always had a good communication through out the project and its completion.
The team and team leader collectively decided on frequent meetings and sprint sessions where we could openly share
our thoughts. We were available anytime for the most of the days . This kind of frequent and quality communication
with my team helped all of us in understanting the problems better and were quick in solving them too. 



